README.md, before:

# V2G-Sim-beta

## How to install
    1) Make sure you have Python 2.7 with Anaconda
    2) Download V2G-Sim
    3) Go inside the root folder of V2G-Sim and launch:

```shell
pip install -r requirement.txt
pip install .
```

That's it, you are all set up.

*** Copyright Notice ***

Vehicle-to-grid Simulator (V2G-Sim) Copyright (c) 2015, The
Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals
from the U.S. Dept. of Energy). All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Intellectual Property Office at
IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights.  As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative 
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

Commit message:

Add LICENSE in README.md

README.md, after:

# V2G-Sim-beta

## How to install
    1) Make sure you have Python 2.7 with Anaconda
    2) Download V2G-Sim
    3) Go inside the root folder of V2G-Sim and launch:

```shell
pip install -r requirement.txt
pip install .
```

That's it, you are all set up.

For the licensing terms, please refer to the [License](LICENSE.txt) file.

*** Copyright Notice ***

Vehicle-to-grid Simulator (V2G-Sim) Copyright (c) 2015, The
Regents of the University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any required approvals
from the U.S. Dept. of Energy). All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Intellectual Property Office at
IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights.  As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative 
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.
